 - update security groups to be copied between regions and accounts

      1. make scripts use nested hash data structure for config settings between regions
      2. define functions necessary to make this happen
      3. some mock up

      get security groups of first location / region pair and save to json
      run method that uploads them to a different location / region pair
      redefine AWS in each instance of the command
      source AWS then destination AWS


 - update security groups so user can create a new group or delete a group

create IAM and s3 settings
    1. create class to make S3 buckets and test it in preprod
    2. copy down policies of existing airbnb user
    3. 


 - add instance deletion

 - create data bag 

      1. take hostname and role information from spreadsheet
      2. perform appropraite functions (linux or windows setup)
      3. bootstrap node


 - fix windows domain settings in bios in script

      1. create WFM instance
      2. Navigate to key that will be added and run script against it until the right settings get specified


 - write code to glue deployments together and start bootstrap

 
TODO:

1. update sg class to create new empty security group
2. create s3 bucket
3. create iam user
4. generate report with specifics deployment information
      - output what DNS records to create for RDS
      - generate data bag

--- manually update dns ---

5. script to bootstrap all instances

#----------------------------
# deploy steps
#-----------------------------

manual:
 1. create MSSQL users and databases and provide credentials / update DNS
 2. generate spreadsheet with information
 3. update DNS with new instance records

from spreadsheet:
 1. deploy sg - make new sg function
 2. deploy rds - done
 3. deploy s3 - make new s3 class
 4. deploy iam - make new iam class
 5. generate report with end points, s3 creds, etc

manual:
 6. update DNS glbl database records
 5. create data bag with new information

from spreadsheet:
 6. deploy instances
 7. bootstrap instances

manual:
 1. post configuration steps



 nice haves

  - erb of data bag so scripts can auto populate

  - create powershell script to auto generate MSSQL databases

